# Folder structure information

## Tree
```
.
├── .gitignore
├── .mvn
│   └── wrapper
│       ├── maven-wrapper.jar
│       └── maven-wrapper.properties
├── .project
├── .settings
├── README.md
├── bundle
│   ├── .ebextensions
│   │   ├── env.config
│   │   └── nginx
│   ├── Procfile
│   └── VIR-Backend-0.0.29-SNAPSHOT.jar
├── mvnw
├── mvnw.cmd
├── pom.xml
├── release
│   ├── .gitkeep
│   ├── bundle-VIR-Backend-0.0.28-SNAPSHOT.zip
│   └── bundle-VIR-Backend-0.0.29-SNAPSHOT.zip
├── src
│   ├── main
│   │   ├── java
│   │   └── resources
│   └── test
│       ├── java
│       └── resources
├── target
```

## Description
I am only describing the most important files and folders here. If there is something that's not clear use your best friend in the hole wolrd 'Google' 

Folder/File | Description
--- | --- 
Code                | Contains all the code for the application.
.mvn                | A maven folder
.project            | A project setting folder for Eclipse.
.settings           | A project setting folder for Eclipse.
.README.md          | This readme file (talking about recursion...)
bundle              | This is a very important folder. All resources have to be deployed to AWS in a bundle. Inside it contains configurations and settings needed.<br/><b>.ebextensions</b> : Folder contains all custom settings for the app <br/><b>Procfile</b> : Contails instructions on how to run the applicaton on the cloud. Note that this file is generated by maven, so any manual change will be discarted. If you need to modify it make the appropriate change in the 'pom.xml' file. <br/><b>VIR-Backend-0.0.29-SNAPSHOT.jar</b> : Jar file generated by Maven.
mvnw                | File needed for the maven wrapper. (safely ignore, but not delete)
mvnw.cmd            | File needed for the maven wrapper. (safely ignore, but not delete)
pom.xml             | Maven file that contains all the configurations, dependencies management, and build instructions for the project.
release             | Folder that contains all final realease files. It will be incrementally creatted when the command 'build.sh prod' is run from the 'Code' folder.
src                 | Source folder for the java project. It contains the main and the test resources.
target              | Regular file for Maven all compiled files will be here.
